Team Number-
    014-1

Team Name -
    Buff Buffs

Members + Github -
    Alexandra Palermo - zandrapalermo - alpa6011@colorado.edu
    Addie Hoeft - alhoeft - adho9588@colorado.edu
    Cole Spencer - Colejx - cosp6135@colorado.edu
    Dalton Ford - daltonRFM - dafo8331@colorado.edu
    Keira Wagstaff - keirawagstaff - kewa1897@colorado.edu

Application Name -
    RepQuest

Application Description -
    An application that allows you to log your workouts and also level up and gain XP
    based on your streak of working out.

Audience -
    The audience of our a pplication is college students who are trying to get into the habit
    of consistently going to the gym. The characteristics of an idea user is someone in their 
    late teens or early 20s who hasn't gone to the gym consistently in the past. The goal of
    our application is to encourage these people to create this habit. We will design the app 
    to be easy to use, with a clean interface and clear buttons so users can quickly log 
    workouts and see their history. We plan to make the navigation simple to understand and figure
    out. We will also include easy to read fonts, ensuring color contrast, and more to support
    usability for our intended users.

Vision Statement -
    For fitness enthusiasts and beginners who struggle to stay consistent with their 
    workouts, the FitQuest app is a gamified workout log that transforms fitness tracking 
    into an engaging, game-like experience with levels, achievements, and rewards. Unlike 
    traditional workout logs or fitness apps, our product motivates users through interactive 
    challenges, character progression, and a sense of adventure that makes every workout 
    feel like progress in a game.

Develoment Methodology - 
    Our group will be using the intended agile methodology. We will be using scrum meetings
    to track the progress of our project. 

Communication Plan -
    My team is planning on using Discord to communicate throughout it for everything relating
    to this project. 

Meeting Plan - 
    Team Meeting - Thursday 2:30 in Engineering Lobby
    Weekly meeting with TA - Tuesday's at 5 p.m.